TL;DR:

If two Transports can't talk to each other, it's probably because
they're on different subnets. Run one instance of "bridge_client.py"
on each subnet to get them to communicate.

NOTE: Multiple federations on the same subnets will not currently
work without a fix from the author of Pyre.


DETAILS:

The current design of Transport requires all instances to be on the
same subnet. A "bridge" allows multiple subnets to be connected and
act as if they're a single subnet.

The bridge consists of a bridge server and one or more bridge
clients.


Bridge Server

The bridge server must run on a host that's accessible to all clients
(i.e. a static IP address with an open port). There's a command line
argument to set the port, which defaults to 7417. You can use any open
port.

The server is really simple. It just echos everything it receives to
all clients. Because of this, you should use a different server for
each federation.

Currently, I have two servers running on Amazon. Both are on
ec2-54-153-1-22.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com. One is on port 7417
(the default) and the other is on port 8856. I set up the second to
allow more than one person to debug at the same time.


Bridge Clients

You need to run one (and only one) bridge_client.py on each subnet
that you want to connect. With no command line arguments, it will use
the default server at ec2-54-153-1-22.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com
on port 7417. Use command line arguments -host and -port to set other
values for the host and port.

You should start bridge clients BEFORE you start any other Transport
objects. When you want to quit, calling Transport.quit_federation()
will also quit the local bridge client. You can also type "quit" into
the terminal where you started the bridge client, which will cause the
bridge client to quit but will not quit the federation.

Note that there's a bug in Pyre that makes using multiple federations
on the same subnet problematic. If we need to do this, I can try to
fix it myself or try (again) to get the Pyre guy to fix it.
